What are your strengths?
        Quick Learner
        Adaptive and Flexiable in Naturre to work on any tech stack.
        Problem Solver
        I am able to work for long hours without supervision
        Delivery Task on time with good quality.
        I am successfully able to lead the team and delivery task on time.
         Self Motivated:

What are your weaknesses?


    1)Over Analysis:
        Sometime good and sometime not good...but its took much time

    2)In My nature i am too fridayly with collegage the people under who is working with me.
      it helps me alots but at the same.i feel like but some.

    3)Took extra work to avoid sprint spillover and spent my personal time.


Biggest achievement

1)Functional Level:-

  1)Swagger Library
  2)Pally Dashboard-1000 USD Per Month
  3)Build Product With Differrent System
  4)Cross Functional Training

2)Hackthaon Level: Dronfication



What motivates you in a job?

  Learning New Techstack and add values in business.
  Primarily, my ability to work hard and delivering result motivates me

What difficult situation have you faced in the past?

   1)Need to communicated with Different Region people and understand requirment and deliver it on time.
   2)Need to cordiate between with multple tracks and people.some time difficult to achive it .



Have you ever disagreed with fellow employees/ management?

I have good listing skill and try to understand his though process first then will put my views on prons and cons.
I put my views on Prons and Cons.
Yes, but we later agreed on a plan and we worked together. I believe people working together will disagree at times but as long as you will agree at some point then there is no problem.


How do you deal with pressure.

how presure come
1) Did Something went wrong made blunder
2) made initval level
3) Leadersip promise complete pressure to complete on time....
4) Sometime Open to extend My work hour and try to resolve things.


What are your salary expectations?
As of now, I haven’t thought much about it. I’m more focused on learning and understand products of VMware.




